Edit description about this repo (#5791)
iptv-org/iptv: .readme/template.md

Collection of publicly available IPTV channels from all over the world.

> Internet Protocol television (IPTV) is the delivery of television content over Internet Protocol (IP) networks. This repository has a community database for compile into organized and ready-to-use playlists the available IPTV stations, regardless of their local or international scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internet Protocol television (IPTV) is the delivery of television content over Internet Protocol (IP) networks. This repository has a community database that compiles into organized and ready-to-use playlists the available IPTV stations, regardless of their local or international scope.
```

Author: I changed the sentence to one you suggested @LaneSh4d0w.

> Internet Protocol television (IPTV) is the delivery of television content over Internet Protocol (IP) networks. This repository is maintained by a community that organizes into different playlists all the available IPTV stations without restrictions of access, whether they are local or international. IPTV stations have  address, them are obtained from official websites or authorized services for work fastly in any media player with Internet connection.

Reviewer: Bit of oopsies here and there.

IPTV stations have addresses that are obtained [...]

[...] or authorized services for easier access for the end user that has any media player that supports streaming.

Author: I just edited the sentence and added "web addresses" to the word "addresses".
